Change language from BDFL-Delegate to PEP-Delegate (#1672)
python/peps: pep-0001.txt

Python's BDFL
-------------

> This PEP earlier used the title "BDFL-Delegate" for PEP decision makers. This was

Reviewer: How about: "Previous versions of this PEP used the title..." ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previous versions of this PEP used the title "BDFL-Delegate" for PEP decision makers. This was
```

    Title: <pep title>
    Author: <list of authors' real names and optionally, email addrs>
  * Sponsor: <real name of sponsor>

>   * PEP-Delegate: <PEP czar's real name>

Reviewer: This is the only place that "czar" is still used in the PEP.  Maybe just say "PEP delegate's real name"?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * PEP-Delegate: <PEP delegate's real name>
```
